# Rage Run Game

## Platform

We Used the platform “Unity” to build this game

Unity stands out as a dynamic game development platform renowned for
facilitating the creation of both 2D and 3D games for a diverse array of
platforms, including PCs, gaming consoles, mobile devices, and web
browsers. Its user-friendly interface, complemented by robust features
such as drag-and-drop capabilities and C# scripting, makes it accessible
to developers of all skill levels. Enhanced by an extensive Asset Store
and a robust support network, Unity is the preferred tool for game
developers, also serving those working on virtual and augmented reality
projects. Its versatility in meeting various development demands has
positioned Unity as a key player in the production of many well-known
games.

**How can we access the Game??**

1. Locate and open the "RageRunApp" folder on your computer.

2. Within the "RageRunApp" folder, search for the "Rage Run.exe" file and double-click it to initiate the game. A game window will appear, allowing you to dive into the action immediately.

3. Important to note, the game is designed without a straightforward quit option. The only way to exit "Rage Run" is by depleting all your lives or successfully completing the game. This unique feature is intended to heighten the emotional challenge by forcing players to endure my taunting voice lines when they wish to stop playing but cannot until they either win or lose entirely.

## Game Description 

Welcome to "Rage Run," a thrilling 2D platform game that promises to
both engage and challenge you. Designed with intuitiveness in mind,
"Rage Run" is easy to pick up but demands skill and patience to master.
Navigate your way through diverse levels, dodging unseen hazards and
traps, with the ultimate goal of rescuing your dog, Buddy. The game
cleverly integrates traps that provoke frustration and anger, testing
not just your gaming skills but your emotional resilience as well.
  
There are 3 levels in the game and we need to clear all the 3 levels
in order to rescue the dog. The difficulty level of the game increases
after each level. There are certain traps in the game which will act as
hurdles and will create difficulty for the player in completing the
games. The traps are in the form of moving arrows, spines, moving box
etcc.. .

## Sounds and Audio 

The game features distinctive and engaging sound effects that captivate
players' interest during gameplay. Accompanied by delightful background
music, this audio begins playing immediately upon game startup.
Additionally, there's a unique sound triggered by pressing the gameplay
keys, adding a cool touch to the gaming experience. These audio elements
have been integrated into the game to enhance its appeal to gamers.

## Game Play 

After launching the game:-

1\. Player will be directed on the main menu page. Click on play button
to start the game.

2\. Player can use the forward arrow key “>” or “D” key to move your
player forward, backward arrow key “ \<” or the key “A” to move your
player backward and “spacebar” to make it jump.

3\. Player need to avoid the traps in order to finish the games.
